Let's review briefly the other methods the Reppas have in common, we need a new class in this project.
We'll call this one more rapid method's.
Plus, decoding.
So starting off, we've got the usual main method, which simply invites the test instance methods which
were about to talk about.
That's the next method.
So this method specifically, this is testing the primitive value methods with several different weapons
or other words in value, double value, byte value, etc., it's also testing the equals method for
different wrappers and values.
And I didn't include the compare to method here, but I will talk about that.
Compare to method in a video, Uncomparable and Co-operator interfaces later.
You see the various code there, they're actually checking.
We've also got this print wrapper object as well.
It didn't mention much about that, but that's just basically assisting in returning a string in a format
that we can print out.
Actually run this now.
So that's only I put.
So the billion value in carbon emitters have no surprises here.
They simply return the value of the primitive, which the rapporteur represents.
But far the equals method.
It's important to remember that passing a no results involves not an exception and that you cannot compare
Reppas such as short an integer, which has the same value because the results will always be false,
even if he cast them both to number the equals method is inherited from object.
Next, we're going to explore the static methods with the exception of value of what you've covered
previously.
We're going to add a method to this class.
I just going to post it down the bottom there.
And you can see it using the COMPAR method there for the various upper classes.
Let's invoke this in our main method, which is at the top of the class.
And runit.
All right, and there's the output on screen.
Some things to note with its output using the compar method boolean compare and compare methods return
Vali's zero negative one on one.
You can say that Integer accepts many types of literals.
See various examples of that character to compare returns.
The lexicographical difference between the values character can accept Unicode values as MyFord arguments
as shown or at next.
Let's look at a couple of samples of parse and a primitive types pass, for example.
This is very similar to the value of method which internally invokes the parse and whatever the primitive
type is.
So rather is pass int, parse byte, etc. So the rules that apply to value of wood apply to parse and
whatever the primitive type is.
And again, parse it as an example, no results in no pointer exception.
And the string values do not necessarily correspond to literal values as demonstrated by some Cotan
in our method that we've added the test static methods right at the bottom.
After all the other output.
Seropositive.
Apart from the Energy Department and also from the Berlin to Berlin, run this.
And we get some examples working right?
And this is actually not a typo that should actually be DPAs billion, because obviously the actual
method is possible in which we can see being called the red line 100.
So now that I've done that, let's run this card.
And we can see the output from percent for integer and pass boolean for our brilliant repr.
But since finally have a look at the get repr method, the only Boulin and integer have this method,
the method name to get Brillion and get integer respectively, paste just below the other code.
We can see the examples of that insurgent rocket launcher, Sharon Berlin, Docket Berlin.
Let we say the output at the bottom of the screen now, I'm sure you probably agree that these are rather
unexpected results if you just assume get Berlin and get into a replacement methods for the bullion
value and the methods.
But in fact, these methods do not pass the values past, but instead they lock up a system, not property,
with a name that matches the value passed and then returns the system to property as the value requested.
So let's see how it should work.
Some code election.
This, again, the bottom of our test static methods here, what I'm doing is I'm actually setting some
system properties which when passed, will be passed to an innate value or a boolean.
So therefore, I run this bearing in mind the results we got previously, when is expected.
We've now got valleys that are appropriate based on what the properties were set on line 110 and 111.
So I'm sure you would agree that these two methods would look fairly innocuous in a code sample on an
exam question.
Watch out for that.
So each rapper has specific methods that are relevant to his day to talk.
So you should really familiarize yourself with as many as you can if you've not already done so.
What's next?
Before I finish the video, I want to talk about rappers and operators.
And we need a new class for this.
And I will call this new class rapper operators.
Pasicolan.
Now, this code that I've actually added consists of a simple addition operator on two variables, one,
an integer wrapper, the one a short local variable.
The result of the operation is that assigned to each of the following, firstly, a primitive local
variable like 19, a rep, a local variable line 23 and an LPT local variable type inference variable,
and that's on line 27.
So note here that we've got no errors.
The code compiles if we run it.
We got the results there, 20 for each of the answers.
Both are continuing on.
Let's play some more Kaidan here in our mind, MyFord.
And that by doing that, that three of these loans have produced compiler errors, first, a result
that was passed to the elevated variable result is not an object, but rather it's a primitive data
type.
The result is based upon a line twenty seven.
That's a little variable and not an object.
So hence we can't call methods on it or delete that.
Coming up.
Next year we've got here for short is incompatible top, it's required assurance provided with an INT
and here's looking for a short wrapper and it's found in it.
So let's see what we can do to fix that.
We're going to get back up here to our declaration on line 11 and change the integer to a short.
They're short, I was 10.
We've still got exactly the same problem see incompatible types there in my one zero eight one nine
Part one course, Section four, using operators and decision constructs using binary operators.
I explained that all operations are numeric primitives smaller than an int a first converted to INT
and any result would be in it.
So this is continuing to hold true even if we've replaced the variable with Reppas.
So let's try something else, want to go back and change short, I was 10 to the upper class short.
And again, still got the same problems down here on our two lines, incompatible types.
So let's just do this a few times so we get back to the car that was working.
All right, so back to work and again.
So you can use Reppas interchangeably with operators.
With one exception, and this is the instance of operator, there's some code again to main method.
This has resulted in a compiler error on line 36.
The instance of operator will not auto box its first operand.
So you can see they were doing an instance of integer the wrapper on the right hand side with Embling,
the primitive type.
But again, instance of operator box, the first operand.
If it chose this code, I'm just going to overwrite just the if statement and the code block.
You can see now that the compiler error is on the nested if statements.
So the short wrapper is not an integer and because the local variable was declared as short as in the
short wrapper, the compiler knows that this is not a valid test.
If we replaced thirty four, which is currently short as it was 10, replace it with this definition.
This allows the code to compile and the output from this additional code essentially run this.
Comes back, this is an instance of no, which is true.
The instance of operetta is one example where auto boxing does not occur.
I've discussed others in my one zero eight or nine Part one course on YouTube.
You're probably getting sick of me saying that as we go through this course for JVM, when matching
overloaded methods will not use auto boxing or on boxing until first matching on valid widened primitives.
And again, I will say yet again, you can review this in my one zero eight one nine Part one course,
Section seven, this time creating and using methods, the topic determining which overloaded method
gets cold.
Another example is arise and arrive.
A primitive data type will not get or I boxed to an array of the corresponding rappa and again saying
it again, you can read this in one zero eight or nine part one course this time Section nine encapsulation
topic.
Casting object.
This is reference.
All right, next, collections are used, but objects and not primitive data, they're going to be discussing
this in a video coming up shortly.
The next generics, generics are used with class types are not primitive data types.
And I'll be discussing this in an upcoming video as well.
All right.
So the last three videos I've reviewed rappers and the methods with which most of the rappers have in
common, six of the eight rappers extend the abstract class number.
You've seen examples of auto boxing and and boxing and have pointed out some exceptions where auto boxing
and on boxing will not occur.
That's in the video here.
And move on to generics, which support reportage but not primitive data types.
See you in the next video.